CONTRIBUTING.md, before:


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions


### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help
wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

pyxplr could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official pyxplr docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)

## Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `pyxplr` for local development.

1. Fork the `pyxplr` repo on GitHub.

2. Clone your fork locally:

	```
	git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pyxplr.git
	```

3. Install your local copy with Poetry, this is how you set up your fork for local development:

	```
	cd pyxplr/
	poetry install
	```

4. Create a branch for local development:

	```
	git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
	```

   	Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass the tests by running pytest

	```
	poetry run pytest
	```

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

	```
	git add .
	git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
	git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
	```

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.md.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.7 & 3.8. Check https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/pulls and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

## Tips

To run a subset of tests:

```
py.test tests.test_pyxplr
```

## Deploying

A reminder for the maintainers on how to deploy:

- Ensure the following secrets are recorded on GitHub:
	- CODECOV_TOKEN	
	- PYPI_USERNAME
 	- PYPI_PASSWORD	

 GitHub Actions should build and deploy to testPyPI when a pull request is merged into master.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the pyxplr project is released with [this Contributor Code of Conduct](CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project you agree to abide by its terms.

Commit message:

Added section on internal / external contributions flow to CONTRIBUTING.md

CONTRIBUTING.md, after:


## Contributing

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given.

You can contribute in many ways:

## Types of Contributions

### Report Bugs

Report bugs at https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/issues.

If you are reporting a bug, please include:

* Your operating system name and version.
* Any details about your local setup that might be helpful in troubleshooting.
* Detailed steps to reproduce the bug.

### Fix Bugs

Look through the GitHub issues for bugs. Anything tagged with "bug" and "help
wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Implement Features

Look through the GitHub issues for features. Anything tagged with "enhancement"
and "help wanted" is open to whoever wants to implement it.

### Write Documentation

pyxplr could always use more documentation, whether as part of the
official pyxplr docs, in docstrings, or even on the web in blog posts,
articles, and such.

### Submit Feedback

The best way to send feedback is to file an issue at https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/issues.

If you are proposing a feature:

* Explain in detail how it would work.
* Keep the scope as narrow as possible, to make it easier to implement.
* Remember that this is a volunteer-driven project, and that contributions
  are welcome :)
  
## Submitting Your Contributions

### Internal Contributions

We utilize [Github Flow](https://guides.github.com/introduction/flow/) approach. If you have been granted access to the repository, please follow this approach. All development should be done in feature-specific branches branched off `master`. Once ready, submit a pull request from your feature branch to `master`.

### External Contributions  

Even if you are not a team member, your contributions are very welcome. In this case please use fork+PR approach - fork the repository, work on your changes and then submit a pull request back to the repository. We will be glad to review and hopefully approve it!

## Get Started!

Ready to contribute? Here's how to set up `pyxplr` for local development.

1. Fork the `pyxplr` repo on GitHub.

2. Clone your fork locally:

	```
	git clone git@github.com:your_name_here/pyxplr.git
	```

3. Install your local copy with Poetry, this is how you set up your fork for local development:

	```
	cd pyxplr/
	poetry install
	```

4. Create a branch for local development:

	```
	git checkout -b name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
	```

   	Now you can make your changes locally.

5. When you're done making changes, check that your changes pass the tests by running pytest

	```
	poetry run pytest
	```

6. Commit your changes and push your branch to GitHub:

	```
	git add .
	git commit -m "Your detailed description of your changes."
	git push origin name-of-your-bugfix-or-feature
	```

7. Submit a pull request through the GitHub website.

## Pull Request Guidelines

Before you submit a pull request, check that it meets these guidelines:

1. The pull request should include tests.
2. If the pull request adds functionality, the docs should be updated. Put
   your new functionality into a function with a docstring, and add the
   feature to the list in README.md.
3. The pull request should work for Python 3.7 & 3.8. Check https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/pulls and make sure that the tests pass for all supported Python versions.

## Tips

To run a subset of tests:

```
py.test tests.test_pyxplr
```

## Deploying

A reminder for the maintainers on how to deploy:

- Ensure the following secrets are recorded on GitHub:
	- CODECOV_TOKEN	
	- PYPI_USERNAME
 	- PYPI_PASSWORD	

 GitHub Actions should build and deploy to testPyPI when a pull request is merged into master.

## Code of Conduct

Please note that the pyxplr project is released with [this Contributor Code of Conduct](CONDUCT.md). By contributing to this project you agree to abide by its terms.
