README.md, before:

## pyxplr 

![](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/workflows/build/badge.svg) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/UBC-MDS/pyxplr) ![Release](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/workflows/Release/badge.svg)

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pyxplr/badge/?version=latest)](https://pyxplr.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

`pyxplr` is a python package to make explatory data analysis (EDA) simple and seamless. EDA is a crucial phase in the data science workflow as it allows us get a fist glimpse of the data. It is important to identify statistical characteristics of the data so that we can properly set up the rest of the analysis. 

### Installation:

```
pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ pyxplr
```

### Features
- TODO

### Functions

- `get_summary`
- `get_featureviz`
- `get_outliers`
- `get_na`

### Dependencies

- TODO

### Usage

- TODO

### Documentation
The official documentation is hosted on Read the Docs: <https://pyxplr.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>

### Credits
This package was created with Cookiecutter and the UBC-MDS/cookiecutter-ubc-mds project template, modified from the [pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci) project template and the [audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage).

### Python Ecosystem

This python package will build upon the `pandas` and `altair` python packages that will make first time data science users get started in their projects more easily. A similar package `pandas profiling?` achieves a similar EDA tool. (not complete)

### Contributors

Contributors |
-------------|
Serhiy Pokrovskyy |
Furqan Khan |
Braden Tam |
Yu Fang |

Commit message:

Added contributors to CONTRIBUTORS.md, README.md and to metadata

README.md, after:

## pyxplr 

![](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/workflows/build/badge.svg) [![codecov](https://codecov.io/gh/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/branch/master/graph/badge.svg)](https://codecov.io/gh/UBC-MDS/pyxplr) ![Release](https://github.com/UBC-MDS/pyxplr/workflows/Release/badge.svg)

[![Documentation Status](https://readthedocs.org/projects/pyxplr/badge/?version=latest)](https://pyxplr.readthedocs.io/en/latest/?badge=latest)

`pyxplr` is a python package to make explatory data analysis (EDA) simple and seamless. EDA is a crucial phase in the data science workflow as it allows us get a fist glimpse of the data. It is important to identify statistical characteristics of the data so that we can properly set up the rest of the analysis. 

### Installation:

```
pip install -i https://test.pypi.org/simple/ pyxplr
```

### Features
- TODO

### Functions

- `get_summary`
- `get_featureviz`
- `get_outliers`
- `get_na`

### Dependencies

- TODO

### Usage

- TODO

### Documentation
The official documentation is hosted on Read the Docs: <https://pyxplr.readthedocs.io/en/latest/>

### Credits
This package was created with Cookiecutter and the UBC-MDS/cookiecutter-ubc-mds project template, modified from the [pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci](https://github.com/pyOpenSci/cookiecutter-pyopensci) project template and the [audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage](https://github.com/audreyr/cookiecutter-pypackage).

### Python Ecosystem

This python package will build upon the `pandas` and `altair` python packages that will make first time data science users get started in their projects more easily. A similar package `pandas profiling?` achieves a similar EDA tool. (not complete)

### Contributions

Contributions are welcome, and they are greatly appreciated! Every little bit
helps, and credit will always be given. See [CONTRIBUTING.md](CONTRIBUTING.md) for further details.

### Contributors

See [CONTRIBUTORS.md](CONTRIBUTORS.md)
